Create user-guidelines.md (#53)
sora-xor/soracard-site-web: src/content/en/blog/user-guidelines.md

---
title: 'SORA Card User Guidelines'
description: 'SORA Card is now live! Early adopters, follow the steps to request a new IBAN and order your virtual card. Not an early adopter? Just order directly. Need help? support@soracard.com'
date: 2024-12-12
image: /blog/user-guidelines/cover.jpg # cover for the website, 1920x1080px
og: /blog/user-guidelines/og.jpg # thumbnal image for sharing, 1200x630px
---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# **SORA Card User Guidelines**
```

> **SORA Card is live and ready to be used!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**SORA Card is live and ready for use!**
```

We invite all early adopters—people who successfully passed KYC before July 2024—to follow the steps below before using their account and card:

**1. Early adopters: Request new IBAN before ordering a card**

> **Note: The issuer will soon disable the initially issued IBANs**. To use SORA Card with all its features, please add a new account and order your SORA Card from this account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: The issuer will soon disable the initial emitted IBANs**. To use SORA Card with all its features, please add a new account and order your SORA Card from this account.
```

> This is complementary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will not incur any cost for you.
```

> **If you doubt about being an early adopter:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If you are unsure about being an early adopter:**
```

> In case you can order a virtual card from your IBAN, you should do that. It means you are not considered an early adopter and you do not need to add a new account before ordering your virtual card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can order a virtual card from your IBAN, you should do so. This means you are not considered an early adopter and do not need to add a new account before ordering your virtual card.
```

> Additionally, when adding a new account next to your initial IBAN, the fee should be 0 for early adopters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, when adding a new account next to your initial IBAN, the fee should be zer0 for early adopters.
```

> If you are requested to pay a fee of €2.50 to add a new account you do not need to add a new account to order your virtual card. If you are in the latter situation, you can order a SORA Card from the initial account free of charge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are requested to pay a fee of €2.50 to add a new account, you do not need to add a new account to order your virtual card. If you are in the latter situation, you can order a SORA Card from the initial account free of charge.
```

**How to do it:**

* Go to Settings > Add accounts.

> * Click on New > Select Consumer account and confirm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Click on New > Select **Consumer account** and confirm
```

![screenshot1](/blog/user-guidelines/screenshot1.jpg)

**2. Order your card through the new IBAN**

Early adopters should order their virtual card through the new IBAN account.
## **Ordering a Virtual Card**
New users can order their virtual cards from the issued IBAN.

Go to your new account and click the red ‘Order’ button to order a card.

Next: slide to confirm your details and the fee- **your first card is free of charge**.

Your virtual card will be issued in seconds.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations!
```

![screenshot2](/blog/user-guidelines/screenshot2.jpg)

> Congratulations!

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
